README.md, before:

---

# **369-CSS-EFFECTS**

A _Open-source Repository_ with a lot of helpful and simple CSS effects that helps beginners in learning Web Development and experimenting their knowledge in form of projects that benefit people. *369-CSS-EFFECTS's* main goal is to deliver useful and important CSS and HTML concepts to people in a easier way to infer. In simple words this Repository is a simple and conceptual `CSS` & `HTML` learning platform for emerging Web Dev's. This repository has some simple UIs and effect that we use often in our awesome sites.

<br>

## Table of Contents 

---
1. [369-CSS-EFFECTS](#369-css-effects)
   - [Objective](#-objective)
   - [Prerequisites](#-prerequisites)
   - [What you should do](#-what-you-should-do)
      - [Use them via your local machine](#want-to-use-them-via-your-local-machine-️)
   - [Effects list](#-effects-list)
2. [Reason for the name (If you're interested)](#-reason-for-the-name-if-youre-interested)
3. [License](#-license)
4. [Contributors](#-contributors)
   - [Want To Contribute](#want-to-contribute)
     
---


## 🎯 **Objective**

To deliver immense `css` knowledge in form of simple concepts and code snippets to create basic css effects that are essential in the developments of crazy websites.

- To help Web dev's to understand basic `CSS` concepts
- To provide useful css code snippets of wonderful effects
- To also expose programmers to new concepts of **CSS** & HTML
- And many more under the hood

<br>

## 📃 **Prerequisites**

- Basic Knowledge in HTML & CSS, so that learning and creating new css effects is easier and helpful.
- A code editor to trial out the awesome css effects
- And basic error solving ability, in case of you facing any issues in implementing these effects.

<br>

## 🫵🏻 **What you should do**

Open the `CSS-EFFECTS` Folder to delve into the learning of wonderful css effects. Then navigate to any folder with the effect name mentioned as its title that you're looking for are feel interested. Then give a look onto the code in both `index.html` & `style.css` and try to understand it. Then implement them in your upcoming web projects.

<br>

### Want to use them via your _local machine_ 🖥️:

**Run the following command to clone this Repository to your local machine**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Yuheshpandian/369-CSS-EFFECTS.git
```

<br>


**Then change the directory of the folder containing the effect you want to give a try.**

```bash
cd Gradient_Text_001/
```

here I went into the _Gradient_Text_001_ folder.

<div align="right">

[![BACKTOTOP](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%87%A7%20Back%20To%20Top-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge)](#369-css-effects)

</div>

<br>

## 📄 **Effects list**

<div align="center">

| **S.NO** | **EFFECT TITLE** | **EFFECT DESCRIPTION** |
| :---: | :------------------: | :------------:|
|  001  | [Gradient Text](CSS-EFFECTS/Gradient_Text_001/) | ***A text with a Moving Gradient as color***|
|  002  | [Glow Button](CSS-EFFECTS/Glow_Button_002/) | ***A button that glow on hovering*** |
|  003  | [Gradient Background](CSS-EFFECTS/Gradient_Background_003/) |  ***A webpage with a moving Gradient as Background*** |
|  004  | [Glass Effect](CSS-EFFECTS/Glass_Effect_004/) | ***A Glossy Glass Morphism effect on div*** |
|  005  | [Image Hover](CSS-EFFECTS/Image_Hover_005/) | ***An Effect that applies on hovering an image*** |
|  006  | [Image Gallery](CSS-EFFECTS/Image_gallery_006/) | ***A simple Image Gallery with transitions*** |
|  007  | [Image Caption](CSS-EFFECTS/Image_Caption_007/) | ***A caption of image that is visible when image is hovered*** |
|  008  | [Smooth Scroll](CSS-EFFECTS/Smooth_Scroll_008/) | ***Scroll transition on webpage*** |
|  009  | [Text Glow](CSS-EFFECTS/Text_Glow_009/) | ***Text glows when it is hovered*** |
|  010  | [Image Float](CSS-EFFECTS/Image_Float_010/) | ***Floating effect of image on hovering*** |
|  011  | [Loading Spinner](CSS-EFFECTS/Loading_Spinner_011/) | ***Loading spinner for a website*** |
|  012  | [Duolingo Style Button](CSS-EFFECTS/Douolingo_Style_Button_012/) | ***A button inspired from Duolingo's UI*** |
|  013  | [Floating Navbar](CSS-EFFECTS/Floating_Navbar_013/) | ***A navbar that is floating on top of all content*** |
|  014  | [Toggle Button](CSS-EFFECTS/Toggle_Button_014/) | ***A basic accessibile toggle button for you sites*** |
|  015  | [Link Hover](CSS-EFFECTS/Link_Hover_015/) | ***A simple link hover effect*** |
|  016  | [Animated Image Gallery](CSS-EFFECTS/Animated_Image_Gallery_016) | ***A simple animated imagee gallery for your images*** |

</div>

<div align="right">

[![BACKTOTOP](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%87%A7%20Back%20To%20Top-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge)](#369-css-effects)

</div>


<br>

## ❔ **Reason for the name _(If you're interested)_**
So I'm a crazy fan of the most underrated Inventor/Engineer, *Nickolas Tesla*. I personally love his theories and inventions. His theorey on the number `369` is awesome, so it is my favourite . That is the sole reason for the name of this repository.

<br>

## 📜 **License**

This Open-Source Repository is [MIT](LICENSE) licensed.

<br>

## 🤝 **Contributors**

### Want To Contribute:

If you want to contribute feel free and clone this repository and add your changes as commits and then request a pull. Make sure that you make your changes and act in accordance to the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md). You are even supporting me by giving a ⭐ to this Repository.

<br>

<div align="right">

[![BACKTOTOP](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%87%A7%20Back%20To%20Top-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge)](#369-css-effects)

</div>

<div align="center">

**Made with ❤️ by **Yuhesh**.**

</div>

---

Commit message:

Improved License Section linking to mit license documentation

README.md, after:

---

# **369-CSS-EFFECTS**

A _Open-source Repository_ with a lot of helpful and simple CSS effects that helps beginners in learning Web Development and experimenting their knowledge in form of projects that benefit people. *369-CSS-EFFECTS's* main goal is to deliver useful and important CSS and HTML concepts to people in a easier way to infer. In simple words this Repository is a simple and conceptual `CSS` & `HTML` learning platform for emerging Web Dev's. This repository has some simple UIs and effect that we use often in our awesome sites.

<br>

## Table of Contents 

---
1. [369-CSS-EFFECTS](#369-css-effects)
   - [Objective](#-objective)
   - [Prerequisites](#-prerequisites)
   - [What you should do](#-what-you-should-do)
      - [Use them via your local machine](#want-to-use-them-via-your-local-machine-️)
   - [Effects list](#-effects-list)
2. [Reason for the name (If you're interested)](#-reason-for-the-name-if-youre-interested)
3. [License](#-license)
4. [Contributors](#-contributors)
   - [Want To Contribute](#want-to-contribute)
     
---


## 🎯 **Objective**

To deliver immense `css` knowledge in form of simple concepts and code snippets to create basic css effects that are essential in the developments of crazy websites.

- To help Web dev's to understand basic `CSS` concepts
- To provide useful css code snippets of wonderful effects
- To also expose programmers to new concepts of **CSS** & HTML
- And many more under the hood

<br>

## 📃 **Prerequisites**

- Basic Knowledge in HTML & CSS, so that learning and creating new css effects is easier and helpful.
- A code editor to trial out the awesome css effects
- And basic error solving ability, in case of you facing any issues in implementing these effects.

<br>

## 🫵🏻 **What you should do**

Open the `CSS-EFFECTS` Folder to delve into the learning of wonderful css effects. Then navigate to any folder with the effect name mentioned as its title that you're looking for are feel interested. Then give a look onto the code in both `index.html` & `style.css` and try to understand it. Then implement them in your upcoming web projects.

<br>

### Want to use them via your _local machine_ 🖥️:

**Run the following command to clone this Repository to your local machine**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Yuheshpandian/369-CSS-EFFECTS.git
```

<br>


**Then change the directory of the folder containing the effect you want to give a try.**

```bash
cd Gradient_Text_001/
```

here I went into the _Gradient_Text_001_ folder.

<div align="right">

[![BACKTOTOP](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%87%A7%20Back%20To%20Top-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge)](#369-css-effects)

</div>

<br>

## 📄 **Effects list**

<div align="center">

| **S.NO** | **EFFECT TITLE** | **EFFECT DESCRIPTION** |
| :---: | :------------------: | :------------:|
|  001  | [Gradient Text](CSS-EFFECTS/Gradient_Text_001/) | ***A text with a Moving Gradient as color***|
|  002  | [Glow Button](CSS-EFFECTS/Glow_Button_002/) | ***A button that glow on hovering*** |
|  003  | [Gradient Background](CSS-EFFECTS/Gradient_Background_003/) |  ***A webpage with a moving Gradient as Background*** |
|  004  | [Glass Effect](CSS-EFFECTS/Glass_Effect_004/) | ***A Glossy Glass Morphism effect on div*** |
|  005  | [Image Hover](CSS-EFFECTS/Image_Hover_005/) | ***An Effect that applies on hovering an image*** |
|  006  | [Image Gallery](CSS-EFFECTS/Image_gallery_006/) | ***A simple Image Gallery with transitions*** |
|  007  | [Image Caption](CSS-EFFECTS/Image_Caption_007/) | ***A caption of image that is visible when image is hovered*** |
|  008  | [Smooth Scroll](CSS-EFFECTS/Smooth_Scroll_008/) | ***Scroll transition on webpage*** |
|  009  | [Text Glow](CSS-EFFECTS/Text_Glow_009/) | ***Text glows when it is hovered*** |
|  010  | [Image Float](CSS-EFFECTS/Image_Float_010/) | ***Floating effect of image on hovering*** |
|  011  | [Loading Spinner](CSS-EFFECTS/Loading_Spinner_011/) | ***Loading spinner for a website*** |
|  012  | [Duolingo Style Button](CSS-EFFECTS/Douolingo_Style_Button_012/) | ***A button inspired from Duolingo's UI*** |
|  013  | [Floating Navbar](CSS-EFFECTS/Floating_Navbar_013/) | ***A navbar that is floating on top of all content*** |
|  014  | [Toggle Button](CSS-EFFECTS/Toggle_Button_014/) | ***A basic accessibile toggle button for you sites*** |
|  015  | [Link Hover](CSS-EFFECTS/Link_Hover_015/) | ***A simple link hover effect*** |
|  016  | [Animated Image Gallery](CSS-EFFECTS/Animated_Image_Gallery_016) | ***A simple animated imagee gallery for your images*** |

</div>

<div align="right">

[![BACKTOTOP](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%87%A7%20Back%20To%20Top-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge)](#369-css-effects)

</div>


<br>

## ❔ **Reason for the name _(If you're interested)_**
So I'm a crazy fan of the most underrated Inventor/Engineer, *Nickolas Tesla*. I personally love his theories and inventions. His theorey on the number `369` is awesome, so it is my favourite . That is the sole reason for the name of this repository.

<br>

## 📜 **License**

This open-source project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.


<br>

## 🤝 **Contributors**

### Want To Contribute:

If you want to contribute feel free and clone this repository and add your changes as commits and then request a pull. Make sure that you make your changes and act in accordance to the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md). You are even supporting me by giving a ⭐ to this Repository.

<br>

<div align="right">

[![BACKTOTOP](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%87%A7%20Back%20To%20Top-8A2BE2?style=for-the-badge)](#369-css-effects)

</div>

<div align="center">

**Made with ❤️ by **Yuhesh**.**

</div>

---
